Simplify extractors output (#566)
flow-php/flow: UPGGRADE.md

Reviewer: Typo in the filename.

# Upgrade Guide

This document provides guidelines for upgrading between versions of Flow PHP. 
Please follow the instructions for your specific version to ensure a smooth upgrade process.

---

## Upgrading from 0.3.x to 0.4.x

### 1) `ref` expression nullability 

> `ref("entry_name")` is no longer returning null when the entry is not found. Instead, it throws an exception.
> The same behavior can be achieved through using newly introduced `optional` expression: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ref("entry_name")` is no longer returning null when the entry is not found. Instead, it throws an exception.
The same behavior can be achieved through using a newly introduced `optional` expression: 
```

Before:
```php
<?php

use function Flow\ETL\DSL\optional;
use function Flow\ETL\DSL\ref;

ref('non_existing_column')->cast('string'); 
```

After: 
```php
<?php

use function Flow\ETL\DSL\optional;
use function Flow\ETL\DSL\ref;

optional(ref('non_existing_column'))->cast('string');
// or  
optional(ref('non_existing_column')->cast('string'));
```

### 2) Extractors output

Affected extractors: 

* CSV
* JSON
* Avro
* DBAL
* GoogleSheet
* Parquet
* Text
* XML

> Extractors are no longer returning data under array entry called `row`, thanks to this unpacking row become redundant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extractors are no longer returning data under an array entry called `row`, thanks to this unpacking row becomes redundant. 
```
